Adaptive Prefetch Streaming (#1181)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: README.md

    * `--sync-to-flush=false` : Sync call will force upload a file to storage container if this is set to true, otherwise it just evicts file from local cache.
- Stream options
    * `--block-size-mb=<SIZE IN MB>`: Size of a block to be downloaded during streaming.
- Block-Cache options
    * `--block-cache-block-size=<SIZE IN MB>`: Size of a block to be downloaded as a unit.
    * `--block-cache-pool-size=<SIZE IN MB>`: Size of pool to be used for caching. This limits total memory used by block-cache.
    * `--block-cache-path=<PATH>`: Path where downloaded blocks will be persisted. Not providing this parameter will disable the disk caching.
    * `--block-cache-disk-size=<SIZE IN MB>`: Disk space to be used for caching.

>     * `--block-cache-prefetc=<Number of blocks>`: Number of blocks to prefetch at max when sequential reads are in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `--block-cache-prefetch=<Number of blocks>`: Number of blocks to prefetch at max when sequential reads are in progress.

```

>     * `--block-cache-prefetc=<Number of blocks>`: Number of blocks to prefetch at max when sequential reads are in progress.
>     * `--block-cache-prefetch-on-open=true`: Start prefetching on open system call instead of waiting for first read. Enahnces perf is file is read sequentially from offset 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `--block-cache-prefetch=<Number of blocks>`: Number of blocks to prefetch at max when sequential reads are in progress.
    * `--block-cache-prefetch-on-open=true`: Start prefetching on open system call instead of waiting for first read. Enahances perf if file is read sequentially from offset 0.

```
